# Virtual_Closet
An App to build out your own virtual closet and have an outfit picked for you from your clothes based on the current weather forecast. Uses mySQL, Express, Materialize, Handlebars, and a clientside handlebars function named BrowserBars.
I plan to utilize the website to allow users to search and try on clothes based on their most shopped brands without leaving their home. The website will also have a seasonal feature to it that will allow people to post their ideas based on the seasons and help inspire others.
Sprint 2:
Step 1: I changed the variable and renamed the file to poset in the models folder of posets.js file. The reason I changed it is to align with the theme of my project and ensure the website now says Poset instead of Closets.
Step 2: I went into the User.js and changed “userID” to “insertName” because the website is more of public social platform rather than something that’s private. I want people to be able to have access to anyone’s closet based on knowing their name.
Step 3: I changed the public folder by deleting and renaming a few variables to fit my overall goal of Poset along with removing temp & waterproof because it didn’t fit my overall plan for the Poset website. While I believe it to be a good idea, I didn’t want the website that detailed in choosing a clothing style based on the weather. Also, I  changed UserID to insertname to match my change from my previous folder.
Step 4: I went into the style.css folder and I changed the font family’s from Mclaren to Times new Roman to give the page a cleaner and more professional look to it. I also changed the color from black to blue to give it a cooler feeling on the site. In addition, I changed the background color to white to go along with the blue font.
Step 5: I changed the login.js by deleting the password segment because I want the platform to be a public platform instead of password protected.
Step 6: I changed the signup folder to rename everything with virtual closet to Poset to match my project title as well as renamnig and rewording a few other items that mentions the previous users idea. Also, I deleted the password segment here as well to align with the changed made on the login
Done
